# Worked Well
We found that working closesly in small groups worked well for us. It helped to keep our code peer reveiwed, but what we found was more important was that it allowed us to bounce ideas between ourselves and made finding solutions easier.  
Additionally we found that segregating features actually made it a lot easier for us to concentrate on something. For example having search and friends being loosely coupled and worked on in parallel allowed for a lot more work to be completed.  
# Didn't Work Well  
We didn't use pivotal tracker to track our work well. When not all members use it, the logs become incomplete and makes uncertain if imcompeleted tasks were finished. So because of some memeber s inconsitent usage it ruined the integrity of the system.  
We tried somewhat to use github's issue system, but we found that it was simpler and more convinient to simply direct message team members. One of the reasons we found it easier was because most people did not have github desktop, or an app on their phone to make use of the issue system. Messaging also allowed for what feels like more informal communication and what feels more real time.
# Continuation  
We believe that the ideal workflow for us, would be to have a buddy system and to encourage code reviews before commiting to the master branch. Usage of branches for single features would make merge conflicts less common. Also testing code wouldn't be used by other members that were not informed that it was only meant to be a test
Ideally if we were to do this project again, we would have a more sophiticated and detailed planning phase. We could've ascertained our data model, so we modificaitons down the line wouldn't break some of our code. This would allow us to create parts that can be easily merge together later.
