## Competitions ##

As a gaming-based social media website, our main competitors would be Steam. Steam is the biggest digital distribution platform for PC gaming and is required software for playing most games. It has a web-based storefront and a program for it that can be downloaded. Steam can be found at [http://store.steampowered.com/](http://store.steampowered.com/). While it's main focus is being an online vendor and providing non-intrusive digital rights management(DRM) to games, Steam takes advantage of the fact that most gamers use their program to implement social media aspects such as friends list and game-specific sub-forums to their software.

Our website and Steam's are similar in that both of them have social media aspects to them. However, while Steam has a mandatory adoption rate, the friends list is the only social media aspect that most people take advantage of. Steam's discussion boards are rarely used in comparison because of its archaic designs that the developers refuse to change. For example, when browsing the sub-forum for a game, threads are shown in order of the time of the last reply. Most threads don't get over 10 replies, and the forum gets cluttered with small threads that makes it even harder to sift for information when the search function only has the option to search individual posts by keywords. On our website's discussion board, we give users the ability to "like" threads, and the most "liked" threads will be propagated up to the front page of the sub-forum. We will have mega-threads for common threads such as troubleshooting why a game isn't running properly on their computer, that way a user with problems running their game can just read through one thread instead of searching through tens of troubleshooting threads. We will also ease the search of information by 
adding more options to the search filter such as searching by threads, users, and posts within a specific date. I believe that our competitor did not focus on improving their discussion boards because their main role is to be an online storefront for PC games, and the social aspects to their software was only an afterthought. This hypothesis rings true when we see things like Steam's clunky user curator system that hasn't been updated since it was released.

Other competitors to our website would be aggregator websites such as Metacritic, which can be found at [http://www.metacritic.com/game](http://www.metacritic.com/game). These types of websites gather reviews from games journalism websites into one place and creates scores for games based on average reviews. They also post trailers and release dates for new video games.

Metacritic is a direct competitor to us in the sense that our websites both provide quick access to information about specific games and new releases. However, we differ in the types of information that is provided. Metacritic focuses on reviews from games journalist websites with the option of adding user reviews that is seldom used by consumers. While our website focuses on user reviews and people debating merits and flaws of games in discussion boards. After the GamerGate scandal and dwindling trust in games journalism, most gamers either rely on Youtube reviews, gameplay footages, or recommendations from friends when they want to buy a game. We seek to build a community where gamers can share and discuss games that they're interested in without feeling like they're being falsely advertised to. Metacritic can't really focus on this scenario because it's hard to garner user reviews when most gamers don't trust their platform.
